# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   weaviate-client
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   onnxruntime
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   authlib
deepsearch-glm==0.26.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docling==2.8.3
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
docling-core==2.8.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   docling
docling-ibm-models==2.0.7
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
docling-parse==2.1.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
easyocr==1.7.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
faiss-cpu==1.9.0.post1
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
fastapi==0.115.5
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
fastembed==0.4.2
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   onnxruntime
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio-health-checking==1.68.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio-tools==1.68.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   weaviate-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   openai
    #   weaviate-client
huggingface-hub==0.26.5
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   fastembed
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.36.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   torch
jiter==0.8.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonlines==3.1.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-ibm-models
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-core
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-core
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   jsonschema
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
loguru==0.7.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastembed
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   rich
marko==2.1.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   markdown-it-py
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastembed
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   sympy
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   easyocr
nltk==3.9.1
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   fastembed
    #   imageio
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
onnx==1.17.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastembed
onnxruntime==1.19.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastembed
openai==1.57.0
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
opencv-python-headless==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   docling
    #   docling-core
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-core
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
    #   fastembed
    #   imageio
    #   python-pptx
    #   scikit-image
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
protobuf==5.29.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
py-rust-stemmers==0.1.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastembed
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   easyocr
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
    #   docling-core
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   weaviate-client
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   rich
pypdfium2==4.30.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
pytest==8.3.4
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
python-bidi==0.6.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   easyocr
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.19
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-core
    #   easyocr
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   docling
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   weaviate-client
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rtree==1.3.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.24.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   easyocr
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
    #   easyocr
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   grpcio-tools
shapely==2.0.6
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   easyocr
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   docling-core
    #   docling-parse
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2024.9.20
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastembed
    #   transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   easyocr
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   deepsearch-glm
    #   docling-ibm-models
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.47.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typer==0.12.5
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   docling
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   docling-core
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
validators==0.34.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   weaviate-client
weaviate-client==4.9.6
    # via server (pyproject.toml)
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via
    #   server (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-pptx
